Add header filter policy doc (#401)
metalbear-co/mirrord.dev: content/docs/managing-mirrord/policies/index.md

kubectl get crd mirrordpolicies.policies.mirrord.metalbear.co -o jsonpath='{.spec.versions[-1].schema.openAPIV3Schema.properties.spec.properties.fs}'
```

#### network policy

> For a bit more fine grain control over incoming networking there is also an option to specify a pattern for header filter, meaning when stealing the user must spefiy a header filter that matches the provided regex

Reviewer: Lets the operator control which patterns may be used as [HTTP header filters](/docs/using-mirrord/steal/#stealing-only-a-subset-of-the-remote-targets-traffic). Header filters specified by the user must match the regex specified in the network policy.

```yaml
apiVersion: policies.mirrord.metalbear.co/v1alpha
kind: MirrordPolicy
metadata: { ... }
spec:
  ...
  network:
    incoming:
      httpFilter:
        headerFilter: "^username: .+"
```

> If the policy is set with `headerFilter: "^username: .+"` meaning at least one header filter must match the `^username: .+` regex when user is using the steal mode for incoming networking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the policy is set with `headerFilter: "^username: .+"` at least one header filter must match the `^username: .+` regex when user is using the steal mode for incoming traffic.
```
